damiano gulluni have no ears engine use I already talked to him in
at the meeting in Bellinzona, the cover creator is here in Lugano Lool
presents a new this ain't swiss good evening electric column
simona evening
gay here on the drying racks as private infoware at velez photo
we have the ability to show you a little preview because it is a
prototype
of what will be the new column that one hopes to be able then
cazare again
in a short time
of the municipalities and of the situations that will request them
here I see another being current three-phase bad weather 7 nnt faceplate
certainly then the purpose of this colors is to refill electric vehicles and to
to be able to supply
it is more power than we have today
hey baby i miss it recharge
here even at the same time it is already seen a little from the structure more
solidity
ff clearly being outdoors therefore subjected to the elements
and even some data on vandalism and cetara are not due or unfortunately also
we noticed that the ones that existed until now are having sex charts
they begin to give some signs of fatigue, we say this is what they require
the too frequent attention pencil zara
avi file. the cup will play the inter
- photo of guest fans
open training
mass
what are the technical peculiarities of all these sockets that we see here
the cutters we see here
they are classic industrial sockets so nothing d
again or from a technical electrical point of view
simply but perfectly adapted to what the needs are
of vehicles
cube left that we see in front but also all the others that can then be
see if it should be respected
here at the expo
so we have these blues that are the 101 faces 200 30 times up to 16 amps
which allow the standard charging of our vehicles 7 8 hours in general
is
here, instead, we have a 32 amp three-phase cutter which would therefore allow for
shorten the recharge time even if the child was also equipped with
of fast charging capacity today as today are still not many vehicles
who are able to support this but more and more especially with the advent
of your lithium battery vehicles
bored fast charging systems
policy will be reviewed
to take advantage of this
photos where we are important also because from what I see each different
the order in several meetings
tea and electrical tomato & tomato so to speak in fashion
personal automakers are occupying rt type renault type people
mitsubishi lately I know mendrisio
citroen that exit 2 3 days ago bonacci 0
and therefore it is cross-temporal that sienna develops simultaneously
machines but systems for infrastructures such as the
thousands of top-ups to be visited quickly by car
yes absolutely commercial infrastructure is fundamental is a little
late
the new hen's speech
there are those who say that if you were not a pro structure there will be no development of the
some electric vehicles say that vehicles must arrive first
electric, to which we then see ourselves investing in infrastructure
investment
ca. chronicle kiss at all hours photo ap
perozzi we have to give a place in one direction or another we have luck
this I have already said that the hector at the time the neighbor to have
the infrastructure already largely present
and approx. we want to improve thanks to art
a few small millions of about power. rather than the
stupidity
experience robots also based on experience made to date true
even we ourselves can't wait to have the most powerful of
tripoli grade want film
download cassettes exploit this page of hotels available
how will the n
now its derivatives for example that will soon be on the market also with us
rules are always here to see love in the montage we make of this
service the stain is with me 30
prices made a small patio below you will not see problems for
the framing
our cleaner is a proposal that will have to be branded on fire
power in yours
web design
hey more our modic say so and above all of a company that deals
of this professional gift here in canton ticino we say we can always
there are the rigamonti workshops via .net
I thank you for formulas meteo varazze good job gracias and it is so
that we finish this new episode de leche motorius from here it will not be from moon
next week always this old this time
link I just have to tell you all a good week thanks for having yours
yet